Shade 1: Lilas Soyeux — Light mauve-pink with a metallic finish.
Use: This light mauve-pink shimmer can be used as an all-over lid colour, in the inner corners of the eyes for brightness and dimension, or as a base tone beneath complementary tones for increased depth and saturation on all complexions. Apply with fingertips or a dense brush for your desired level of intensity or use with a mixing medium for a foiled effect.

Shade 2: Or Rose — Warm rose gold with a metallic finish.
Use: This warm rose gold shimmer can be worn as an all-over lid colour, in the center of the lids for a burst of reflective shimmer, or layered on top of complementary tones for a high sheen finish. Mix this shade with water for a wash of colour or combine with a mixing medium for a foiled effect. Apply with fingertips or a dense brush for your desired level of intensity.

Shade 3: Crème Pâle — Light nude peach with a matte finish.
Use: This light nude peach shade can be used as an all-over lid base, in the inner corners and brow bone on all complexions, or as a base tone beneath complementary tones for increased depth and saturation. Mix this hue with other matte shades to create 12 new shades. Apply with fingertips or a dense brush for your desired level of intensity.

Shade 4: Nacre Douce — Soft nude pink with a satin finish.
Use: This soft nude-pink satin shade can be used as an all-over lid colour, in the inner corners of the eyes for luminosity, or layered on top of complementary tones for a pearlescent second-skin finish. Apply with fingertips or a dense brush for your desired level of intensity or use with a mixing medium for a foiled effect.

Shade 5: Ambre Brûlé — Rich warm copper with a metallic finish.
Use: This rich copper shade can be worn as an all-over lid colour, in the center of the lids for a burst of high shine, or layered over complementary tones for an incandescent effect. Use with a mixing medium for a foiled effect. Apply with fingertips or a dense brush for your desired level of intensity.

Shade 6: Rose Cendrée — Dusty rose with a matte finish.
Use: This midtone dusty rose shade can be used as an all-over lid colour, as a transition shade to build out the crease and socket, as a soft liner, or as a base tone beneath complementary tones for increased depth and saturation on all complexions. Mix this hue with other matte shades to create 12 new shades. Apply with fingertips or a dense brush for your desired level of intensity.

Shade 7: Cannelle — Warm caramel with a matte finish.
Use: This warm caramel shade can be used as an all-over lid colour, as a transition shade in the crease and socket, as a soft liner, or as a base tone beneath complementary tones for increased depth and saturation. Mix this hue with other matte shades to create 12 new shades. Apply with fingertips or a dense brush for your desired level of intensity.

Shade 8: Cuivre Rose — Warm rose copper with a metallic finish.
Use: This warm rose copper metallic shade can be worn as an all-over lid colour, layered over complementary tones for a warm sheen, or used as a liner for subtle definition. Apply with fingertips or a dense brush for your desired level of intensity or use with a mixing medium for a foiled effect.

Shade 9: Cassis Éclatant — Deep berry with a metallic finish.
Use: This deep berry metallic shade can be worn alone for a striking monochromatic look or layered on top of complementary tones for a high sheen shift of shimmering pigment. Can also be used as liner or in conjunction with a mixing medium for a foiled effect. Apply with fingertips or a dense brush for your desired level of intensity.

Shade 10: Givre d'Argent — Icy silver with a metallic finish.
Use: This icy silver shade can be used as an all-over lid colour, in the inner corners of the eyes for a burst of luminosity, in the center of the eyelid, or layered on top of complementary tones for a high sheen finish. Mix this shade with water for a wash of colour or combine with a mixing medium for a foiled effect. Apply with fingertips or a dense brush for your desired level of intensity.

Shade 11: Bronze Soyeux — Warm rose bronze with a metallic finish.
Use: This warm rose bronze metallic shade can be worn as an all-over lid colour, in the center of the lids for a burst of warm shimmer, or layered on top of complementary tones for a high sheen finish. Combine with a mixing medium for a foiled effect. Apply with fingertips or a dense brush for your desired level of intensity.

Shade 12: Moka Profond — Deep espresso brown with a matte finish.
Use: This deep espresso brown shade can be used to create depth and dimension in the crease, socket and lash line. Build up the colour in the outer corners of the eyes for a boldly pigmented finish or use a mixing medium and liner brush for a graphic finish. Use a brush for your desired level of intensity.
